Now one of the intentions that I have
here is I want to show you kind of as we
say the making of the sausage. I'm
going to show you kind of how the
application actually evolves and what not.
In here, I'm taking a closer look at
this and I'm not happy with how I set up
the interfaces. Ultimately, what I'm
trying to do here is I'm going to take
these services. We're going to do
multiple implementations of services and
we are going to be, further down the road.
Initially, we will implement a map model
but we'll also be using Spring Data JPA,
so I want to start emulating that now. So
up here, I've got the CRUD Repository out
of that. I don't want to specifically use
that interface at this point in time for
my services because we will be interjecting
that into specific implementations for
those services. Initially, we're building
a map service here. We are going to be
mimicking that with a map and then later
on we'll be bringing on the Spring Data
JPA. So if we take a look at the services
that we implemented, we expand these out
here, we can see that they all have like
findAll, we have a findById, we have a
save method. So what I want to do is
refactor this to have our interfaces
that we establish, inherit from a common
interface and implement some of these
methods and we'll mimic the interface
that Spring Data JPA is using for the
CRUD repository. Now what I want
to do here so I'm going to toggle over
into GitHub. I'm going to create a new
issue to work against,
GitHub, here we go
I'm going to say Refactor Service
interfaces to
Common Base Interface.
I will submit that
and I'm even going to assign myself
to that so kind of marking this on
process, so this is #11 and I can
come back over here and I will start
implementing that.
I'm going to come in and say create
a New Java Class
and say CrudService.
Let's take a look at the CrudRepository. What does it does? It
takes a type and an id so let's follow
that pattern and so we're going to
take in the type and the id. I'm just
going to copy that right over
and now we can see we have a findAll
and it's going to return back a Set, so
I will say Set and down that's going to
return back the type.
So we'll implement that and we can say
and there should be an interface that's
why it's getting the red line there.
So we can see this actually turns
back an Iterable and we have some differences
here because I am working with services
so we'll allow Spring Data JPA.
We're not going to totally implement
everything here. I'm just trying to mimic
that so we can see things go further
down the road.
So we have findById, so let's go ahead
and implement that. This is going to
take in, this will return back one type.
Notice that we are using
generics here and this going to take in
the id
like so. So we are using Java
generics so when we implement this, we'll
specify the generics that we want.
We can also do a save.
This is going to take in the type.
That implements a save method
so we can see that the save takes in an
Owner object and returns back, so we're
saying that save takes that in, and while
we're here, let's go ahead and do
do a delete method. We'll implement
that as well and that's going to take in
the type.
You can even do void
like so. I'm going to take a quick look at the
CrudRepository. We're not going to implement
each one like I said. So we're writing
and delete and deleteById. We don't
need to implement deleteAll or
definitely not going to be taking
those in, so we're going to keep things a
little simple here. That is going to
be good enough for now. Now what I also
want to do is now that I have this CrudService, I'm going to Refactor these
other implementations
so this extends, we're going to do the
CrudService. And now remember the CrudService that we implemented, is going to
take in the type and the id. So in this
case, the type is Owner
and the id is going to be a Long
like so. We can see that with all these
here are implemented already so we can
just delete those. We don't have to
define those anymore or see the set goes
away there. We get all the
methods that are implemented by the CrudService
and the types are defined by the
generics here that we have here. So the
two generic types that map to type
and id. Let's go ahead and do the same
thing for PetService.
Again, this is going to be type and id so we are
going to say Pet,
Long
and now we get rid of all this code so
it's actually becoming cleaner already because
we are getting rid of duplicated code. So
let's do the same for this guy.
Again that's going to be type so in this
case, it's going to be Vet
Long like so. Here, we can see again that
these are all duplicated so we just get
rid of those, like so. We take care
of that import.
So now just to recap, our CrudService
were mimicking the Spring Data
Repositories with our CrudService and
this implements the methods that we
want to be implementing for our CrudService. Now all our service interfaces
are going to inherit these methods and
our OwnerService we can add in
additional methods as our needs dictate.
We're going to evolve and grow this
application so I'm kind of showing you
how we evolve and grow things. Now
all our services are going to implement our
standard CrudService and add additional
methods where we need to. We can see
that it cut down a bunch of codes so we
got rid of duplicate method codes in
all three interfaces and those have been
pushed down to a common interface that
we are going to inherit from, so a much
cleaner model here that we have moving
forward. The last thing I need to do
is remember we're working against issue
11. I'm showing you how we're using
GitHub issues. You can go through once
you get a hold of a repository. You can
actually go in and take a look and see
how this transpiring. We're going to have a
lot more issues that we are issuing.
I'm just going to go ahead and commit this.
We're going to say Closes #11 so
that is a commit message to tell GitHub to
go ahead and close that.
I'm going to go ahead and do a
Commit and Push, like so. Come on IntelliJ,
got a little spinning beach ball there.
And now we can see, I'm going to go ahead
and Push that to GitHub.
You'll see a little spinning beach ball down at
the bottom. Push is successful. Let's
toggle over and we can see that GitHub
already closed that for us. So again, I
opened up that issue in GitHub, did
the code changes, and when I committed
against it, it got closed. Let's
see if we get to commit
and see that that's the commit id inside
of GitHub. If I take a look at that,
you can see that refactoring to common
crud Interface closes #eleven and
here's the changes that I made inside
GitHub.